# Slingshot AI-Powered Features 

All of the Slingshot AI features anticipates user needs and streamlines complex processes. Features such as Slingshot AI Summarization [link] and Extract Action Items [link] are designed to elevate your experience and boost productivity. 

The advantages of these features include: 

- Time Saving – Quickly summarize what you have missed without reading through it all. 

- Increase Productivity – Streamline repetitive tasks, allowing you to focus on more strategic activities. 

- Slingshot AI features are seamlessly integrated into Slingshot to help you enhance your experience within Slingshot. All the Slingshot AI features are designed to be intuitive and easy to use, ensuring you can start benefiting from them right away.  

## Common Questions about Slingshot AI: 

**Q: What AI model powers Slingshot AI?**

**A:** Slingshot AI is powered by OpenAI. This https://openai.com/enterprise-privacy/  covers the data, privacy, and security for OpenAI Enterprise Service. 

**Q: Is my data used to train third-party models?**

**A:** No, your data is private, and it is not used to train any third-party models. 

**Q: Is my data used to fine-tune the model driving my company's AI?**

**A:** No, your data is not used to fine-tune AI. 

**Q: Can my data be seen by my colleagues, or third parties?**

**A:** As you manually post these results to discussions or chats via the Summarization feature, they can be seen by the people who have access to these. By using the Extract Action Items feature, you create tasks that are generated by AI. These tasks can be seen by people who have access to those task lists.  

Third parties do not have access to your chats or tasks, and therefore cannot see them. 

**Q: Is my data being reported to my manager or others in my company?**

**A:** Slingshot AI features are not reported automatically to anyone else in the company.  

**Q: Are Slingshot AI-generated results accurate?**

**A:** As with all AI results, Slingshot AI features are as accurate as the models are. With the Slingshot AI features, you can regenerate the results if they are inaccurate.

For more information on our full AI Data Policy please visit [LINK]
